Add azure batch pool virtualNetwork option (#3723)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/azure.rst

azure.batch.pools.<name>.schedulePolicy         Specify the scheduling policy for the pool identified with ``<name>``. It can be either ``spread`` or ``pack`` (default: ``spread``).
azure.batch.pools.<name>.privileged             Enable the task to run with elevated access. Ignored if `runAs` is set (default: ``false``).
azure.batch.pools.<name>.runAs                  Specify the username under which the task is run. The user must already exist on each node of the pool.

> azure.batch.pools.<name>.virtualNetwork         Specify the subnet ID of a virtual network in which to create the pool (requires version ``22.04.0`` or later).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
azure.batch.pools.<name>.virtualNetwork         Specify the subnet ID of a virtual network in which to create the pool (requires version ``23.03.0-edge`` or later).
```

Reviewer: We are in 2023, are we? 😄

Author: whoopsy
